Intermediate AI and Decision Engineer
MITRE
Job Id R116737

Why choose between doing meaningful work and having a fulfilling life? At MITRE, you can have both. That's because MITRE people are committed to tackling our nation's toughest challenges—and we're committed to the long-term well-being of our employees. MITRE is different from most technology companies. We are a not-for-profit corporation chartered to work for the public interest, with no commercial conflicts to influence what we do. The R&D centers we operate for the government create lasting impact in fields as diverse as cybersecurity, healthcare, aviation, defense, and enterprise transformation. We're making a difference every day—working for a safer, healthier, and more secure nation and world. Our workplace reflects our values. We offer competitive benefits, exceptional professional development opportunities for career growth, and a culture of innovation that embraces adaptability, collaboration, technical excellence, and people in partnership. If this sounds like the choice you want to make, then choose MITRE - and make a difference with us.

Our AI-enhanced Discovery and Decisions department has a need for an Artificial Intelligence and Decision Engineer with a passion for artificial intelligence (AI) and expertise in algorithms and decision making. We are specifically looking for talent in machine learning (including deep learning and reinforcement learning), and one or more of the following technical areas: large language models (LLM), generative and agentic AI, decision science, human machine teaming, cognitive science, AI testing and evaluation, multi-agent systems, knowledge-based reasoning, automated planning, semantics, and ontologies.

As an Artificial Intelligence and Decision Engineer, you will have opportunities to work on a wide range of problems, working in interdisciplinary teams. Your experience will allow you to:

    Apply large language models to sponsors' decision making and problem-solving challenges.
    Design, develop, evaluate, and field AI solutions that inform consequential, mission-critical decisions.
    Identify and lead new R&D opportunities to strengthen the nation's growing artificial intelligence capabilities.

Roles & Responsibilities:

    Work in cross-functional teams to develop and implement AI-enhanced decision systems, including capabilities that leverage large language model technology.
    Apply modern AI and engineering techniques to develop decision support software prototypes based on analysis of workflow and operational needs.
    Propose and execute novel, cutting-edge research in AI-enhanced decision systems.
    Evaluate AI solutions against sponsor requirements and produce actionable recommendations.
    Lead projects or small teams to solve complex decision problems for our sponsors.

Basic Qualifications:

    Requires a minimum of 2 years of related experience with a Bachelor's degree in computer science or an engineering discipline related to artificial intelligence; or 1 year plus a Master's degree.
    Hands-on experience with machine learning (including deep learning and reinforcement learning), and one or more of the following technical areas: large language models (LLM), generative and agentic AI, decision science, human machine teaming, cognitive science, AI testing and evaluation, multi-agent systems, knowledge-based reasoning, automated planning, semantics, and ontologies.
    Ability to articulate challenges in high-stakes decision making with AI and identify gaps.
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills to articulate challenging technical concepts to both lay and expert audiences.
    Ability to work independently to learn new technologies, techniques, processes, languages, platforms, and systems.
    Ability to function as a member of cross-functional teams.
    Experience with programming languages such as C++ and Python.
    Must be able to obtain and maintain a US DoD Secret government clearance.
    Per the U.S. Government's eligibility requirements, you must be a U.S Citizen to be considered for a security clearance.
    This position requires a minimum of 50% hybrid on-site.

Preferred Qualifications:

    Demonstrated recent experience with large language models.
    A keen interest in learning about and rapidly responding to new problems across a variety of domains.
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills to articulate challenging technical concepts to both lay and expert audiences.
    Experience with testing and evaluation of AI systems, explainable AI, or strategic AI adoption.
    Hands-on experience with the development and deployment of AI-enhanced decision system prototypes.
    Active DoD Secret clearance.

Clearance: None required to start; Secret required within one year of hire.
Salary range: $121,600 - $152,000 - $182,400 Annual
Work Location Type: Hybrid (San Jose region not specified; MITRE, 3 locations, posted 07/31/2026)
