Google, Inc.
Internet & Software
TV Partner Engineer, YouTube

Posted 1 week ago ∙ Apply by August 29, 2026 at 2:57 AM

At a glance
$102–144K/yr
Onsite, based in Los Angeles, CA, Mountain View, CA, +1
Work in person from one of the locations
Job
Full-time
US work authorization required

Job description
This role may also be located in our Playa Vista, CA campus.

Applicants in the County of Los Angeles: Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act.

Note: By applying to this position you will have an opportunity to share your preferred working location from the following: Mountain View, CA, USA; San Bruno, CA, USA; Los Angeles, CA, USA.

Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, a related field, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience working with client-side web technologies (e.g., HTML, CSS, JavaScript, or HTTP).
Experience coding with one or more programming languages (e.g., Java, C/C++, Python).
Experience troubleshooting technical issues for internal/external partners or customers.

Preferred qualifications:
Experience with data analysis and SQL queries.
Experience in the media industry, including television and video technologies.
Experience troubleshooting web technologies such as XML, HTML.
Experience developing and running services or scripts built in C++, Python, or JavaScript.
Excellent organizational, prioritization, multitasking, and communication skills.

About the job
As a TV Partner Engineer, you will improve YouTube's technical integrations and workflows with media companies. You will be responsible for enabling the technical integrations between media companies, their content offerings, and YouTube, including crucial processes such as Primetime Channel onboarding. In this role, you will develop multiple workflows and processes to ensure partners’ content goes live and the operations team can scale. You will engage with partners, as well as cross-functional teams such as Engineering, Business Development, Product Management, and Operations to specify and help develop the ideal workflows, strategy, and go-to-market support, while providing product input for partner self-service tools and applications. You will be instrumental in taking new initiatives from conception to successful deployment, implementing short-term solutions to bridge gaps for partners, and commercializing new solutions for the long-term.

At YouTube, we believe that everyone deserves to have a voice, and that the world is a better place when we listen, share, and build community through our stories. We work together to give everyone the power to share their story, explore what they love, and connect with one another in the process. Working at the intersection of cutting-edge technology and boundless creativity, we move at the speed of culture with a shared goal to show people the world. We explore new ideas, solve real problems, and have fun — and we do it all together.

Individual pay is determined by factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training.

US: $102000 - $144000 (USD) + 15% bonus target + equity + benefits
