JD Job description

For over forty years, HarbourVest has been home to a committed team of professionals with an entrepreneurial spirit and a desire to deliver impactful solutions to our clients and investing partners. As our global firm grows, we continue to add individuals who seek a collaborative, open-door culture that values diversity and innovative thinking.

In our collegial environment that's marked by low turnover and high energy, you'll be inspired to grow and thrive. Here, you will be encouraged to build on your strengths and acquire new skills and experiences.

We are committed to fostering an environment of inclusion that promotes mutual respect among all employees. Understanding and valuing these differences optimizes the potential of both the individual and the firm.

HarbourVest is an equal opportunity employer.

This position will be a hybrid work arrangement. You will receive 18 remote workdays per quarter to use at your discretion, subject to manager approval. For example, you may choose to work in the office 4 days per week and take one remote day weekly (typically 13 weeks per quarter), leaving 5 additional remote days to be used as needed.

We are looking for a Junior Quantitative Investment Engineer who has a passion for data, technology, automation, and an understanding of finance to join our Quantitative Investment Science (QIS) team. As a member of the team, you will play a key role in developing applications, and expanding our dataset by collecting clarifying, and translating business requirements into development specifications, conceptual designs, and working prototypes. You will work closely with engineers, researchers, QA, investment professionals, vendors, and IT teams to advance complete end-to end-solutions within our cloud-based data analytics platform, a strategic asset that drives data-driven research to enhance investment decision-making within private markets. You should thrive in an evolving, fast-paced environment, and bring a work style marked by high energy, flexibility, integrity, quick learning, and collaboration. This is a great opportunity to be a part of an industry leading Quant Investment team that is building a one-of-a-kind platform in private markets.

The ideal candidate is someone who

    Is curious and willing to keep asking "why?", continually learning about key business processes to help identify potential improvements.
    Has strong analytical and problem solving skills, the skill to dissect and detail complicated situations and propose creative process & technical solutions.
    Possesses excellent facilitation, interpersonal skills, and can communicate optimally at all levels, in all forms, and to all functional groups.
    Can facilitate multiple intricate projects at a given time.
    Understands how to elicit and document requirements and issues into appropriate contexts.
    Has experience with investment data management especially IBOR or other book of records systems.
    Is familiar and experienced with agile software development methodologies and tools.

What you will do

    Capture business requirements, translating them into an easy to implement technical solutions, integrations, system designs, tests, transformations, and reports.
    Build solid working relationships with investment teams, platform users, developers, vendors and suppliers.
    Create and update project artifacts such as task boards, use cases, application documentation, release notes, and technical writeups.
    Identify, document, and facilitate the onboarding of new data sets.
    Develop quick functional prototypes, identify manual and automated tests on data and functionality using SQL, Python and other relevant technologies.
    Work with internal data sources and external vendors to understand and remedy data exceptions and irregularities.
    And other responsibilities as required

What you bring

    High energy and collaborative work style
    Flexibility and willingness to tackle a broad range of analysis, testing, and support assignments
    Proficient in SQL and data analysis skills, to support system design and testing
    Data modeling and design understanding, including conceptual and logical modeling
    Experience in onboarding new, large datasets, with structured and unstructured data while validating quality
    Proficient in Python, to support quick prototypes
    A track record of completed high-intensity, high-complexity projects
    Experience with business intelligence tools such as Tableau, Power BI, or equivalent
    Understanding of DevOps, CI/CD practices, and tools

Education Preferred

    Bachelor of Arts (B.A) degree or equivalent experience
    Bachelor of Science (B.S) credential or equivalent experience

Experience

    1-3 Years of business analyst experience in the investment management or FinTech industry preferred

Base Salary Range

$95,000.00 - $105,000.00

This USD base salary range represents only one component of total compensation for this role and is provided in accordance with local requirements. This role is eligible for a discretionary annual bonus, which is determined based on individual and overall firm performance. In addition to salary and bonus, total compensation may include eligibility for long-term reward programs and a comprehensive total rewards package that may include retirement, health, insurance, paid time off, and wellness programs. Our total rewards offerings are influenced by several business factors, and eligibility for certain components will vary by position and geography. Please note the posted ranges do not apply outside the U.S. and should not be converted to other currencies as a proxy for compensation in other countries.
