About the Company

American manufacturing is broken and burdened by inefficiency, bureaucracy, and outdated processes. At Dirac, we are pioneering Model-Based Manufacturing, where context-aware production planning informs design in real-time, eliminating the disconnect between engineering and manufacturing. Our platform automates what can be automated and captures tribal knowledge where automation falls short, creating a seamless system for building at scale. We're building the tools modern manufacturers need to move faster and build better, the pillars of a more abundant future. We are a mission-driven company of world-class engineers and operators with a culture of high trust, high agency, and high autonomy.
Technical Requirements

    Experience in web development with a strong focus on frontend engineering.
    Expert-level proficiency in React, Javascript/Typescript, Redux, and TailwindCSS.
    Deep understanding of modern frontend architecture, component-based development, and best practices.
    Experience designing highly complex frontends from the ground-up with re-usable component design.
    Experience with Three.js or other 3D web-based visualization frameworks.
    Strong understanding of UI/UX principles, with an ability to implement clean and intuitive interfaces.
    Familiarity with frontend performance optimization techniques, accessibility, and responsive design.

Nice To Have

    Proficiency in backend technologies using Python, Node.js, Go, and C++.
    Strong experience designing and implementing RESTful APIs and gRPC services with Protocol Buffers.
    Deep understanding of database design and querying with relational databases, NoSQL databases, and caching strategies.
    Experience building scalable, high-performance, and event-driven distributed systems using tools such as Celery, Kafka, and AWS SQS.
    Familiarity with background task processing frameworks like Celery.
    Experience designing and implementing authentication systems and role-based access control.
    Exposure to Next.js or other SSR/SSG frameworks.
    Knowledge of WebAssembly or Rust for frontend performance optimization.

Benefits

    Health, Dental, Vision Insurance: Comprehensive coverage to ensure you and your family stay healthy.
    Generous Paid Time Off: Enjoy flexible, high-trust PTO and sick leave.
    Stock Options: Participate in our success with a generous stock option plan.
    Commuter Benefits (NYC): Save on transportation costs with our commuter benefits program.

Salary Range

$120,000 - $150,000 + Equity
Location

This role will be full-time, onsite in our NYC office (Empire State Building)
Eligibility

Employment is restricted to U.S. Persons as defined by ITAR (22 CFR §120.15)
Equal Opportunity Employer

Dirac is an Equal Opportunity Employer; employment with Dirac is governed on the basis of merit, competence and qualifications and will not be influenced in any manner by race, color, religion, gender, national origin/ethnicity, veteran status, disability status, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, mental or physical disability or any other legally protected status. Dirac, Inc. Full Stack Engineer
