C3 AI
Internet & Software
Forward Deployed Engineer
Posted 3 weeks ago - Apply by July 31, 2026 at 2:59 AM
At a glance
$120-158K/yr
Medical, dental, and vision coverage plus paid time off
Onsite, based in Atlanta, GA, Chicago, IL, +1
Work in person from one of the locations
Job
Full-time
US work authorization required
Open to candidates with OPT/CPT

Job description

C3 AI is seeking Forward Deployed Engineers. As a Forward Deployed Engineer, you will be engineering full-stack AI-driven web applications on the C3 AI Platform, working directly with customers to design, develop, and deploy production applications, demos, and proofs-of-technology. An ideal candidate possesses strategic and analytical aptitude, software development expertise, and excellent interpersonal skills.

Responsibilities

    Develop and deploy applications. Engineer full-stack, AI-based enterprise applications on the C3 AI Platform.
    Mentor junior team members. Share coding standards and design techniques with less experienced engineers.
    Conduct design and code reviews. Review customer software applications for quality, architecture, and best practices.
    Test and enhance customer applications. Troubleshoot, test, and improve customer software applications directly and on behalf of customers.
    Deliver technical enablement. Lead technical deep-dives, product demonstrations, and customer training sessions.
    Write documentation. Produce application specifications, technical documentation, and supporting artifacts.
    Identify and mitigate risk. Continuously surface technical risks and gaps; devise mitigation strategies in anticipation of customer needs.
    Drive product improvement. Work closely with product management and engineering to improve the overall quality of C3 AI software.

Qualifications

    Bachelor's degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics (STEM), or a comparable area of study.
    2+ years of professional software development experience with object-oriented programming languages.
    Strong verbal and written communication skills; ability to work effectively on a cross-functional team.
    Analytical and problem-solving abilities.
    Organizational skills and attention to detail.
    Ability to travel as needed.

Preferred qualifications

    Graduate degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics (STEM), or a comparable area of study.
    Experience deploying enterprise-scale applications.
    Experience working in a customer-facing role.
    Software development experience with JavaScript and Python.
    Experience with Git or other version control software.
    Experience working with JavaScript frameworks such as React, Redux, Vue, Backbone, or Angular.

C3 AI provides excellent benefits, a competitive compensation package and generous equity plan.
